what is up guys prodigy here and I don't
know if you guys remember my last set up
video but i told you in that video that
it was my worst set up ever the bed is
in the floor it wasn't the way I was
uncomfortable I lost a lot of space and
I told you guys that I was gonna end up
moving back moving the setup back to the
way it was and I was gonna show you a
video of it so I ended up taking some
pictures for you guys some before and
after I'm also gonna do a video at the
end so if you guys want to see the setup
like in the video just make sure you
stick around to the end but since my
room is so small I can't really move
stuff around while I'm inside it so I
have to disconnect everything and move
everything outside the room clean under
and then bring the stuff little by
little here are some of the pictures of
me removing the stuff and bringing it
back little by little so I'm gonna go
ahead and jump into my camera phone
right now it doesn't have the best
camera in the world it's a motorola G
only has eight megapixels but hopefully
the video will work and you guys can see
how the setup ended up alright so here
we go with the setup video once more
guys we have a rearranged everything is
not set up one hundred percent but uh I
do have a lot more space I mean the bed
is still in the floor the LED lights all
the way in the far right or stone the
floor I gotta hook those up I'm going to
be putting hooking those up on this desk
I gotta go get the rest of them they're
in the garage but that goes all the way
up and all the way in the back of
everything and then it goes from where
it is on the floor it goes under the
desk you see this tube that I'm aiming
at not that one but the one all the way
in the back goes all wrong all around
the back all around the whole entire
desk but as you can see guys the setup
is a lot better like this definitely
have a lot more space I don't have to
step on any bits to get onto my set up I
am a computer area right here if you
guys are interested in anything i'll be
sure to have a bunch of links for you
guys to purchase anything you see i
don't know if i'm going to have every
single thing i have but a lot of the
stuff will be in the description below
so make sure you check it out before you
ask me any questions on this side we got
the console decide is the computer so
three monitors for the computer is
really good for streaming and editing
because i have
multiple areas to work with on console
area where i play my consoles and
monitor that i use for my consoles
consoles are at the bottom xbox one
playstation 4 and 360 is not really
connected as being used as a stand right
now because i wanted to elevate that
bank use it really short thank you but
that made it perfect and that's really
it man just a quick overview of this
setup this is a little unboxing video to
come and pretty soon maybe tomorrow or
maybe we can have another video today
we'll we'll see we'll see but there's
something in there for you guys that I
got sent over I'm gonna definitely one
box out and show you pretty soon but
whatever the bet is still on the floor
and here's the setup guys quick over
here let's go all the way to the back
look at it later oh I like that woman I
really did like this was really simple a
lot of people like to ask him what is
this stuff on the wall and you won't
believe it like I mean do you remember
this do you remember those guys when you
bought black ops 2 when you went to
gamestop and had like a little
advertisement in the desk well I took
some of them and I put them on the wall
here you know what's this from this is
from a collector's edition I believe for
the RC XD i cut off the box and as you
can see i stapled it to the wall this
thing came with my extra again I
stapled it to the wall and Bobby Knight
it looks pretty good i mean it's not the
best setup in the freaking world but I
mean when it's right there all centered
all over the computer looks pretty nice
but anyways I think this video went long
enough just wanted to show you guys a
quick overview and this is it for the
guys that enjoy this quick type of
different video if you do enjoy it
please be sure to leave a like and I'll
see you sexy people later peace